5.2.0 Minor release docs (#10826)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/styling.mdx

### Tailwind

> To use Tailwind in your project, install the official [Vite plugin][tailwind]. Or if you're using Astro `>=5.2.0`, use the `astro add tailwind` command for your package manager:

Author: ```suggestion
To use Tailwind in your project in Astro `>=5.2.0`, use the `astro add tailwind` command for your package manager. For earlier versions of Astro, follow the instructions to [install the official Vite plugin][tailwind] manually.
```

  </Fragment>
</PackageManagerTabs>

> Then, import `tailwindcss` into `src/styles/global.css` (or another CSS file of your choosing) to make Tailwind classes available to your Astro project. This file will be created with the import by default if you used the `astro add Tailwind` command.

Author: ```suggestion
Then, import `tailwindcss` into `src/styles/global.css` (or another CSS file of your choosing) to make Tailwind classes available to your Astro project. This file including the import will be created by default if you used the `astro add tailwind` command to install the Vite plugin.
```

```css title="src/styles/global.css"
@import "tailwindcss";
```

Import this file in the pages where you want Tailwind to apply. This is often done in a layout  component so that Tailwind styles can be used on all pages sharing that layout:

```astro title="src/layouts/Layout.astro"
---
import "../styles/global.css";
---
```

> <RecipeLinks slugs={["en/recipes/tailwind-rendered-markdown", "en/recipes/build-forms-api"]}/>

Author: ```suggestion
<RecipeLinks slugs={["en/recipes/tailwind-rendered-markdown"]}/>
```
